Alchemyst Dig! Volume 3
by Alchemystics Design
--CREATIVITY IS CHEMISTRY--
All levels designed by Altermaven

This pack contains 20 caves, 4 intermissions
and 4 starts (if "select all caves" is off):
CAVE I
CAVE VI
CAVE XI
CAVE XVI

There are also five levels that adjust most
of the caves' "weirdness" and criteria. Go
for the gold! And the high score! You can
set these levels independent of cave start.

Premise can be found in the "Info" tab.

CAUTION: "Alchemyst Dig 3.bd" is a BDCFF file.
You need a Boulder Dash Cave File Format interpreter
in order to read this file and play this game.
In order to prevent weirdness, use GDash.

Boulder Dash (c) Peter Liepa / Chris Gray.
This is a fan caveset. 

-----------------------------------------
Each set of 5 caves consist of a season.

WINTER (I-V):
CAVE I "Breaker"
The cave is split into two. Use the firefly to get across.

CAVE II "Unbox"
You will need to break into the funnel area. Don't linger;
there is not much time afterward. Take your requirement
and go.

CAVE III "Flutter"
Be mindful of how you drop the boulders.

CAVE IV "Capture"
Work with obstructions to snare the amoeba and turn it
into the crystal essence of WINTER.

CAVE V "Overflow"
The monoliths are back. You will want to have the
fireflies be busy with the ancient mess while you
grab the required gems. But be careful on your way
back up!

INT 1 "Leaving Winter"
The cold snap is leaving. Smash the winter butterflies,
grab the gems, and go warm back up.

--------------
SPRING (VI-X)
CAVE VI "Unblock"
Be mindful of what part of the wall you strip, as you will
need to funnel the boulders into the underlying magic wall
quickly.

CAVE VII "Leaves"
Take what is required and leave. This reminds you of your
time in the second vein of the Rockford caves, albeit dimly..

CAVE VIII "Insects"
The essence of spring lies in the butterflies, but fierce
fireflies are making it a problem!

CAVE IX "Fairies"
One must be mindful of the ever expanding ring of amoeba.

CAVE X "Grass"
What a way to end the season. Time to tend the garden.

INT 2 "Leaving Spring"
Don't obstruct your way out.

--------------
SUMMER (XI-XV)
CAVE XI "Sweat"
What used to be a cemetery is now ash, stone, fire essence
and leftover rocks. The gemcrafter needs the essence...

CAVE XII "Night Flame"
Time to do some perilous luring..

CAVE XIII "Midnight Magic"
The faerie dust is playing tricks on you.

CAVE XIV "Dig In"
Careful not to cave yourself in. Or worse.

CAVE XV "Ruby Heart"
I love you, but I must kill you.

INT 3 "Collapsing"
Be mindful not to trap your way out. Also, the cave is slipping..

--------------
AUTUMN (XVI-XX)
CAVE XVI "Dig Out"
You're inside Peril Peak. Sift through the boulders and find
your way out, grabbing the autumn essence with you.

CAVE XVII "Citrine Chaos"
No matter how many butterfly traps you open, your exit is in them.

CAVE XVIII "Topaz Tricks"
A good old-fashioned butterfly lure works, but you might want
to transmute the monoliths before they become a bother, too.

CAVE XIX "Emerald Enchantment"
Be mindful of the wrapping, as you will have to use it to solve
this one...

CAVE XX "Azure Agony"
Something reeks of both heaven and hell, but regardless, you need
the azure-attuned prismacite!

INT 4 "Amethyst Allure"
Everything is becoming undone, but you find your way out. Also,
is it you, or is it getting cold again?