Alchemyst Dangerdash 6
by Windbliss of Alchemystics Design

--The Chemistry of Creativity--

Release: 21 Mar 2026

This caveset has 21 caves and 5 intermissions,
and 4 starts if "Select All Caves" is disabled:

I
V
IX
XIII

There are also five levels that adjust most
of the caves' "weirdness" and criteria. Go
for the gold! And the high score! You can
set these levels independent of cave start.

Premise can be found in the "Info" tab.

CAUTION: "Alchemyst Dangerdash 6.bd" is a
BDCFF file. You need a Boulder Dash Cave
File Format interpreter in order to read
this file and play this game.
GDash is recommended to use this caveset.

Boulder Dash (c) Peter Liepa / Chris Gray.
Boulder Dash (c) BBG Entertainment GmbH.
This is a fan caveset.

-------------------------------------------------

Wow, it's nuts isn't it? BD 40th has been everything
I had expected it to be. It's still got some rough
spots, but I can't complain. In case you're about
to brag -- no, I'm not sitting in luxury. I was going
to buy the game anyway, and I wanted the team to get
the import just right. I bugchecked their importer ;)

ADD2 BD40th when? Meh. I have too much shite on my
plate right now! I wanted to be a part of this
memory, and I am happy that it's a part of BD40.
    -Windy Blissful

-------------------------------------------------

After finding the Myriad that belonged to Ma'lankh,
you've received a summons from researchers who were
looking into Moonspiral after you've finished your
task there years ago. They made a discovery.

House Lafore has been the forefront of experimental
magics. And what they found was possibly the entrance
to the esteemed Kaedra Lafore, who was classified as
a experimental alchemist who studied the nature of a
curious inert material known as zelar. Historical
records indicated that there was no such success...

...except the explorers found gemstones that were
created from the transmutation of said substance!

Your task is to collect these gemstones and discover
if they were somehow transmuted from bespoke zelar,
and preferably haul back as many as you can. Jewels
are in high demand, and if zelar can be transmuted...