Alchemyst Dangerdash 7
by Windbliss of Alchemystics Design

--The Chemistry of Creativity--

Release: 15 Jul 2026

This caveset has 20 caves and 4 intermissions,
and 4 starts if "Select All Caves" is disabled:

1A
2A
3A
4A

There are also five levels that adjust most
of the caves' "weirdness" and criteria. Go
for the gold! And the high score! You can
set these levels independent of cave start.

Premise can be found in the "Info" tab.

CAUTION: "Alchemyst Dangerdash 7.bd" is a
BDCFF file. You need a Boulder Dash Cave
File Format interpreter in order to read
this file and play this game.
GDash is recommended to use this caveset.

Boulder Dash (c) Peter Liepa / Chris Gray.
Boulder Dash (c) BBG Entertainment GmbH.
This is a fan caveset.

-------------------------------------------------

The summer's gotten real serious and we had a heat
spike a week ago that obliterated our power for half
a day. IN THE BLEEDIN' NIGHT! Wicked winds ended up
tearing up the weak trees in the neighborhood and
the lines all fell down. If there's one thing I can't
stand it's this damned heat. The peeps in Europe got
it worse -- their homes weren't built for this shite!

I'm in between projects, so I was able to cobble
together a nice little caveset for y'all. No secret
"just one more" bundle of caves after the fourth
quarter, so this is a pseudo-vanilla layout. Except
you're getting five caves per quarter instead of 4!

Keep on dashing,
    -Windy Blissful

-------------------------------------------------

After the events of the Atelier, a new hunt for the
enigmatic essence known as zelar had begun. The folks
near Lomard decided they wanted to open up a new wing
located near Legrath, which served its purpose during
the coal and iron rush a few decades ago. Surely,
there would be deposits to be found, deposits that
were left behind.

When extracts turned to coal, however, the mines of
Legrath were abandoned in favor of richer deposits
further south. So when the team returned to Legrath,
they thought things were stable the way they were.

They didn't account for the fact the primary shaft had
seen better days and the cave has become unstable from
how stripped it became. Not only that, but something
nasty made its home in the old derelicts. Time wasn't
kind to these places after all. So the miners had all
been scared off, and bounties were placed for anyone
daring enough to brave the mines of Legrath.

Surely, they meant you...